this is a product I'm actually quite
excited to have a look at this is the
vision tech candy board it's a wireless
mini keyboard with a built-in touchpad
so one of the things that they're saying
is so cool about this is that the fact
that is the fact that the touchpad is
capable of being used in both a
horizontal or a vertical position and
also that the quality of the touchpad is
right up there with the ones that you'd
find on a laptop versus some of the
other kind of lame touchpad integrated
keyboard units that just use a really
low quality touchpad like it's basically
as if it's not even really meant to be
used it has a built-in laser pointer so
I guess you could use it for pointing at
stuff it has a USB connector with no
drivers needed and it has a little
compartment to store the USB dongle
there is a USB input for charging the
unit and it works with Windows ps3
xbox360 Mac and Linux so basically
everything you could want
I lost my unboxing knife when I
accidentally tried to take my keychain
onto the plane with me when I went to
mark him and not really thinking about
it before taking my keys I left my knife
on the keys and obviously that got
confiscated by airport security funnily
enough not until the return ride so the
Vancouver Airport did not find the knife
whereas the Toronto Airport did so
that's the candy board it is tiny like I
have small hands and already it's like
you can see it's like got palm palm
sized keyboard okay let's just have a
look at what accessories are included if
any and then we'll move on to there so
we have a USB cable for charging the
device then we have the user's manual
turn off this device in the hospital
attention to two tuna create this device
while driving okay that's good these are
good safety precautions as they're
giving us here all right well here's a
little map of the keyboard let's go
ahead and take it out so it's got the
little laser caution on it it's because
it does have an included laser pointer
so that's the first thing I want to try
let's flip the switch to on and then try
the laser pointer ah I'd have a laser
pointer you okay so you can oh here here
here's an idea
what's that they love chasing the laser
pointer that's rocket and here's Rumble
okay anyway I digress the candy board
then so here's the touchpad the touchpad
is big enough to be comfortably used
with the thumb and that's exactly the
position that it's there for although
with a finger you might get a little bit
more range out of it because the thumb
you see I can't actually move my thumb
too much on it and let's have a look at
the keyboard itself actually I didn't
want to talk about the layout of it so
here so here's the touchpad there's the
laser pointer there's the direction keys
okay so that's handy to have and then
there's a left mouse button a right
mouse button so in case you want to
operate the touchpad like this that
would work quite well for you so I guess
the touchpad can also be used this way
although I don't know if there's a
toggle for that or if it just knows
which way it's being used okay so
function keys
okay function and alt is oh there's your
start key so if you hold function and
press that one that's your start key
here's your Windows key like what oh no
this is the ninety degree flip aha
there's the start key the windows key
okay so that's how you flip the touchpad
to operate it this way okay that's cool
power switch here's your RF
communication indicator as well as your
battery indicator and there's your shift
or function not sure which one it is
indicator so you have a caps lock key
tab escape shift you've got basically a
full keyboard on here see how easily you
can actually type on it so if I want to
go to WWN CI XCOM I mean that's really
what this is for is just like entering a
web address for your media PC like
you're not gonna use it a ton but I'd
say that you know it's tough because
this thumb very comfortably reaches all
of the left-hand keys whereas this thumb
because of my smaller hands actually
only probably reaches comfortably to
about the K or even just the L so if it
was shorter you might be able to reach
them all but then you'd be compromising
because you wouldn't have the
touchpad anymore so the device is quite
thin let's have a look at where the USB
key wireless receiver is stored it's
quite large actually unexpectedly large
but it's not Bluetooth I don't know if
that matters it's a 2.4 gigahertz
wireless dongle there it is put that
back in and then other than that I guess
there's not too much else to say
there is the candy board from vision
tech one of the other cool things about
it is it's quite a lot cheaper than most
of the other touchpad keyboard combo
units and it really does at the size of
a remote because that's really the size
that we're looking at here at the size
of a remote it has great functionality
and the price is pretty reasonable so
I'd say it's pretty cool pretty cool
indeed see if we can find a CAD Hey Hey
and that laser pointer is a great little
feature